2015.4:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 1)
 * Fixed unresolved instances of sys_clk_gen used in pipe mode simulations. This module is now delivered in 'source' directory

2015.3:
 * Version 4.1
 * For EXTERNAL PIPE INTERFACE mode, a new file xil_sig2pipe.v is delivered in the simulation directory and it replaces the phy_sig_gen.v. BFM/VIPâ€™s should interface with the xil_sig2pipe instance in board.v
 * IP revision number added to HDL module, library, and include file names, to support designs with both locked and upgraded IP instances
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.2.1:
 * Version 4.0 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2015.2:
 * Version 4.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Removed EP model user application files from the synthesis list of RP configuration example design
 * Added support for xq7vx690t-rf1158

2015.1:
 * Version 4.0
 * Modified the width of m_axis_cq_tready and m_axis_rc_tready from 22 bits to single bit.
 * Added non-default input port pipe_txinhibit.
 * Added support for FLG packages for xc7vh580t and xc7vh870t devices.
 * Added shared logic support for RP configuration.
 * Modified the External Pipe Interface as Master for Rootport configuration and Slave for Endpoint and Legacy Endpoint configurations.
 * Reduced BUFG usage by 1.

2014.4.1:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 4)
 * No changes

2014.4:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 4)
 * Added synthesis support for External PIPE Interface mode
 * Enhancement to allow debug cores to work better within Tandem designs. Build_stage1.tcl now runs befor place_design and handles bscan primitives.
 * Changed the pipe mode simulation options in GUI to radio buttons (No change in the functionality)
 * Added interface for powerdown ports which is enabled when Enable Powerdown Interface option on basic page in Adavanced mode is selected

2014.3:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 3)
 * Fixed CPLL Power spike on power up issue (AR59294)

2014.2:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 2)
 * Added new module _force_adapt.v for compliance fix

2014.1:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Enabled Tandem configuration support for 330T and 980T devices
 * Fixed HDL uniquification issue
 * Changed the directory structure of the core without affecting the design hierarchy

2013.4:
 * Version 3.0
 * Added port level enablement for icap and startup signal interfaces
 * Updated PIO TX_USERAPP module Device Control Register offset from 'h60 to 'hC8
 * Added 3 new ports - pipe_rxstatus, pipe_eyescandataerror and pipe_dmonitordout to the transceiver debug interface
 * Added input port cfg_subsys_vend_id to provide access to Subsystem Vendor ID
 * Added logic to power down CPLL until it is required during the PCIe link bring-up
 * Added component name as prefix in the core top level file
 * Changed the default value of BRAM Configuration Option to "Extreme/16KB" from "Good/8KB" (Xilinx Answer 58071)

2013.3:
 * Version 2.2
 * Reduced Warnings in Simulations
 * Reduced Warnings in Synthesis
 * Implemented Shared Logic for Clocking and Transeciver GT Common blocks to include either in core or example design
 * Implemented Tarnsceiver Core Debug interface. Brought the debug signals to the port level
 * Brought the Ext GT DRP signals upto the core top port level
 * Added support for IPI integrator
 * Updated xdc to match IP hierarchy
 * Added support for Cadence IES and Synopsys VCS Simulators
 * Added support for upgrade from previous versions
 * Added new pages Shared Logic and Core interface Parameters in GUI in Advanced mode
 * Brought PCIE DRP Ports upto the core top and enabled depending on PCIE_DRP parameter (Advanced mode)
 * PCIe Sideband interface is broken into several smaller interfaces to connect with DMA IP in IPI

2013.2:
 * Version 2.1
 * Enhancements in the Tandem Logic - added STARTUP Premitive and new ports related to this premitive (static ports)
 * Removed the redundant blocks related to Tandem configuration logic
 * Added option to select the Internal or external clocking module (Parameter PCIE_EXT_CLK)
 * Added SRIOV feature related parameters in GUI
 * Shortened the example design xdc file name (PG updated)
 * IPI Level 0 Support
 * Added OOC flow support
 * Fixed CDC issues with GT wrappers
 * Added the management CFG_WR to enable to Core to ignore LFSR values in SKIP sequence

2013.1:
 * Version 2.0
 * Lower case ports for Verilog
 * Removed DRP Ports from user interface
 * pipe_mmcm_rst_n has been provided to user interface
 * Added Production option for all the devices
 * Added Root Port Configuration Support
 * Added ASPM support
 * Enabled the Tandem configuration option for 690t,ffg1761 and PCIe Block X0Y1 irrespective of the development board selection

(c) Copyright 2012 - 2015 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
